hey everyone so I was tagged by the
lovely akaydoll actually no I was not
tagged by her but she did do this tag
and i was tagged by honey flower three I
think and um the tag is the i'm at stag
and I definitely wanted to do this when
i saw that i was tagged because i'm so
super super super excited for I mats and
if you guys are going then let me know
in the comments below because I would
love to meet you guys there and I just
want to see sort of like a estimate of
like how many of my subscribers I'm
going to meet so because I'm very
excited to meet you guys so okay um I
just thought that I would do this I'm at
stag to give you some information and
just for fun because I just wanted to
film a video and I have two things to
say i bought this shirt yesterday from
delias and i love it so much it was like
on sale for ten dollars isn't it so cute
and then the back oh I love it okay and
also i bought the new katy perry teenage
dream nail polish and my nails are
disgusting but you can kind of see it
and I know my nails are gross because
they're really short okay so first
question is which I mats are you
attending I'm attending the New York one
on april ninth and tenth and i'm going
both days by the way have you ever have
you ever been to IMATS before no I have
not but I saw like all the videos that
gurus were posting from the California
one last year and I was really jealous
and it just made me want to go really
badly so how are you getting there I am
taking a plane and when I get there I'm
gonna be staying at my mom's cousin's
house in like Brooklyn or something and
then we're probably gonna take like a
taxi or like a rental car around while
we're there are you bringing anyone
along I'm bringing my sister and my mom
is there anything else and I Mets host
city that you want to see yes we're
probably going to go shopping a lot and
we're also seeing wicked um the musical
or yeah I guess it's a musical while
we're seeing wicked on Broadway
Friday night and I'm really pumped for
that so that's going to be cool and just
shopping and stuff and also I want to
like hang out with like other gurus and
like go out to dinner or something so
that should be fun um what days we be in
the city that I Matz is in I will be
there Friday Saturday and Sunday and
I'll be a time at saturday and sunday or
maybe we'll just go saturday if I get
everything done that I need to but I
don't really know who do you want to
meet there all my subscribers and I want
to meet other gurus and yeah that's
pretty much it and I want to like meet a
lot of like professionals that I can get
like advice from and my mom is probably
gonna go around and like ask people
about careers that I could do because I
really want to be a makeup artist and I
want sort of like connections to like
the makeup artist world if I'm going to
become one just so I can be like sort of
successful I guess what companies
exhibits are you most excited to see um
make up for ever and very excited for
because I don't have any makeup forever
stuff and I know it's like an amazing
makeup brand so I definitely want to get
a lot of stuff from there and to be
honest I really don't know any of the
other companies that are gonna be there
or actually thing like crown brush or
something I might want to try a few
brushes from there so I'm sorry that I'm
like so unprepared for this video but
well um what products are you looking
for I want to try the make up for ever
smoked eel ash and i think they have
like basis that I want to try just like
blushes I don't really know I'm just
going to go there and just look around
and whatever interests me oh wait nyx is
there too so I'm going to get a lot of
nyx stuff because I love NYX so okay how
much do you plan to spend well I'm
spending a lot on like hotel well
actually we're not seeing the hotel I'm
sending a lot on like plane tickets
Broadway tickets the tickets to imats um
taxi money
um so I'm already spending a lot on that
so other than that I probably want to
limit myself to like two hundred dollars
or like 150 dollars or something on
makeup because I already have enough
makeup and now I'm going to limit myself
to like 150 because I don't need more
than one hundred fifty dollars worth of
makeup added to my collection I already
have enough so yeah that's my limit um
what do you want to get out of I mats
that's the last question so um well I
guess I just want to meet a lot of
people like connections to the makeup
artist world because I really just want
to get a good start into that Lake
Community almost and I feel and I feel
like YouTube gives me like really good
opportunities to like meet other makeup
artist and like have people that know me
and like get my name out and get the
word out that I'm like becoming a makeup
artist and I need like clients and stuff
so I definitely think YouTube is going
to help me out with that but I also want
to just like learn a lot of things like
about being a makeup artist or about
becoming a makeup artist or just about
like college or school or what I should
do after high school or basically like
approaching the makeup artist field so
I'm gonna try to focus on like talking
to a lot of people and I told you my mom
is going to talk to a lot of people and
I'm definitely like super duper excited
to meet all of you guys like that's just
going to be like the most exciting thing
in my life just to like see all the
people that have been sticking by me
this whole time and supporting me and
being so sweet and I can only like read
the comments that you say and I can't
actually like have a conversation with
you or like take a picture with you or
like like introduce myself to you I gay
okay so this is gonna sound like really
weird you're gonna hate me for this why
not hate me but you're gonna think I'm
crazy but one of my fears for IMATS is
that when a subscriber comes up to me
I'm not going to know what to say and
they're gonna be like hi watch your
videos so I'm gonna be like oh hi thank
you for your support or the hi I'm Laura
I don't really know like what if I'm
like stuttering and like gonna be like
thank you and then we just like stay in
there for like a minute and not say
anything and I don't really know it's
just my god I'm like scared that I'm
gonna like scare of you on a way people
are gonna be like wow she's like a loser
and I don't want to watch your videos
anymore I don't know I just want to like
impress people and like I'm just so
nervous so yeah I think I'll fit in with
like the other gurus like me and Kayla I
feel like we're gonna we're gonna hit it
off um we're gonna like we're gonna be
pretty close um other than that well no
CC too cuz me and CC like we're
definitely gonna um be comfortable with
each other and like joke around and
stuff I'm just like more like a joking
person and I'm not really like uptight
or anything I just like to joke around
so people that are like fun and like to
joke then I'll get along with them so
yeah um I guess that's the end of my tag
I feel like I didn't really put much
personality into this but i'm so tired
because i went to a dance last night oh
my god it was really fun and like really
crazy and just out of control and a lot
of things happened but i'm very tired so
um yeah I'm sorry that this was really
boring but I hope you guys got something
out of this and I hope to see what I met
so let me know if you're gonna be there
and yeah okay I love you guys bye